ci: Add support for `max_inflight_requests` parameter to prevent unbounded memory growth in ensemble models (#8458)
triton-inference-server/server: docs/user_guide/ensemble_models.md

Reviewer: And in `model_config.proto`

Author: Added note in both places.

[Model Analyzer](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/model_analyzer)
to find the optimal model configurations.

## Managing Memory Usage in Ensemble Models

> An *inflight request* refers to an intermediate request generated by an upstream model that is held in memory until it is processed by a downstream model within an ensemble pipeline. When upstream models process requests significantly faster than downstream models, these in-flight requests can accumulate and potentially lead to unbounded memory growth. his problem occurs when there is a speed mismatch between different steps in the pipeline and is particularly common in *decoupled models* that produce multiple responses per request more quickly than downstream models can process them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An *inflight request* refers to an intermediate request generated by an upstream model that is queued and held in memory until it is processed by a downstream model within an ensemble pipeline. When upstream models process requests significantly faster than downstream models, these in-flight requests can accumulate and potentially lead to unbounded memory growth. This problem occurs when there is a speed mismatch between different steps in the pipeline and is particularly common in *decoupled models* that produce multiple responses per request more quickly than downstream models can consume.
```

Consider an ensemble with two steps:
1. **DALI preprocessor** (decoupled): Produces 100 preprocessed images/sec
2. **ONNX inference model**: Consumes 10 images/sec

Here, the DALI model produces responses 10× faster than the ONNX model can process them. Without backpressure, these intermediate tensors accumulate in memory, eventually leading to out-of-memory errors.

The `max_inflight_responses` field in the ensemble configuration limits the number of concurrent inflight responses between ensemble steps per request.

> When this limit is reached, faster upstream models are paused (blocked) until downstream models finish processing, effectively preventing unbounded memory growth.

Reviewer: I have a concern of getting a deadlock here. How do you make sure the slower model always gets the chance to execute instead of all `max_inflight_responses` are blocked at the faster producer?

```
ensemble_scheduling {
  max_inflight_responses: 16

  step [
    {
      model_name: "dali_preprocess"
      model_version: -1
      input_map { key: "RAW_IMAGE", value: "IMAGE" }
      output_map { key: "PREPROCESSED_IMAGE", value: "preprocessed" }
    },
    {
      model_name: "onnx_inference"
      model_version: -1
      input_map { key: "INPUT", value: "preprocessed" }
      output_map { key: "OUTPUT", value: "RESULT" }
    }
  ]
}
```

**Configuration:**
* **`max_inflight_responses: 16`**: For each ensemble request (not globally), at most 16 responses from `dali_preprocess`
  can wait for `onnx_inference` to process. Once this per-request limit is reached, `dali_preprocess` is blocked until the downstream step completes a response.
* **Default (`0`)**: No limit - allows unlimited inflight responses (original behavior).

### When to Use This Feature

Use `max_inflight_responses` when your ensemble includes:

> * **Decoupled models** that produce multiple responses per request

Reviewer: Same here
